Crysis a stolen car with a young child trapped inside a dramatic change three different people carjacking long the way old is playing out on live television
nightly news
images according to the Chinese show three objects that seem to be floating in the ocean large pieces 4359 feed 5662 and 78 by 72
importantly dentify does being in a very area of the South China Sea over which this plane was last reported halfway between Malaysia and Vietnam the corners put the record of South Vietnam and this is an area
ships planes and helicopters from a dozen babies again images show plane debris the plane ever made
the Strait of Malacca Malaysia military has been suggested over the past two days
the development comes as the define of searches on today grew up 3 1000 square miles to the east of Malaysia the South China Sea in the Gulf of Thailand to the west the Strait of Malacca and the atom and see what the Indian Navy join the search for suing the theory that the plane did double back
I get to depict the wreckage would a mediately refocus this investigation what caused the crash mechanical human air or something else
I talk to the Fox a flight radar 24 in stock home earlier today ver radar data shows at the plane beta swype John to the right part of the normal flight to Beijing and then it dropped off the radar the transporter stop transmitting of the crew stop responding to Radio cost
US military intelligence agencies tell em BC news Chinese images importantly the Chinese have been very vocal in their criticism and how to search has been conducted
alright thank you so much and I would join an expert Greg 5 is a former senior Air Safety Director with the National Transportation Safety Board
amendments highly experienced and also a veteran pilot Greg thank you for joining us do you believe images of Nursing now late today are showing us the plains record
based on the resolution of these images of skeptical at this point
normal if you have pieces of aircraft or possibly peace the bear crap this large you would expect to see a large debris field cause this is a very large piece of wood pieces of aircraft
so you would expect to see not only the the 7472 foot piece of of structure if this is airplane what all the Dupre that would go with a seat cushion seat if the water is in debt
what you're saying as you're not banking on it so it isn't the wreckage in a plane didn't fack make a turn as we hurt earlier today and we just heard from Tom Costello could we in fact im looking possibly at a criminal investigation here
think that still has to be considered given the fact that we've had burying information over the last 5 days nothing has been confirmed in the stuff that we thought was confirm some of the information has been physically retracted
so I think we have to wear these the best Gators what have to continue to pursue intentional act of Criminal aspect of it as well as possible
so you're saying that you wouldn't Doris data search continues not a long the flight path as we saw these images according to the China as a television news agency that that's where they took the photographs you're saying that you should still be looking in the Indian Ocean
women validate what's that object is that is on a satellite image somebody needs to actually looking identify that as aircraft parkour parts
what you can't give up where that radar image with coming from because there are a number of radar points a word very very Furman saying we had this airplane track so you must continue a long bath Pappas wealth and possibly even further
much more to talk about is the story develops thank you for your valuables
turnout in New York City tonight were there was a desperate search on the way for 9 people still on accounted for after that massive explosion that destroyed two buildings and
tire Mabry hood at least three people are dead scores injure someone in critical condition
falling hair tonight the fire still so intense extremely difficult at last 70 people that was Phil and heard a mile away
931 a.m. Without warning
explosion Roxanne for the New York community
people
huge explosion with a train that exploded
200 firefighters responding
explosion buildings at 15 apartments one had a piano store the other home to a church now reduce trouble and blowing smoke
I was really working for my son in the sauna 10 minutes before the blast happened
how to find neighbors
what's the least pass to the barricades ceiling of the areas to try to find your cousins
gas leak cause the blast minutes before the explosion on their way
this is a tragedy of the worst kinda cuz there was no indication
in time
to save people we know we lost two people already
who is left the building with his family minutes before the explosion you said you smell gas just yesterday it was a month ago
I'm a little you could walk into the building take two steps down feeling lost without
are the neighbourhood 6000 a family
are not able to go home and many more lost everything
is really Macedon intense and the impact is widespread there still here trying to get the situation completely under control their also tonight
under control
thank you so much for your putting on the story time in San Francisco tonight investigator
terminis welding where was the cause of a huge fire pit or to an apartment complex under construction completely and dolphin get inflamed late yasterday afternoon
Milton visible from miles in nearby buildings were evacuated this battle the plants for hours to firefighters suffered minor injuries
initial solidarity today President Obama met with Ukraine's acting prime minister at the White House is a quart Russia Senator John McCain meantime plant Salida delegation of lawmakers to Ukraine tomorrow
tonight we can you are special NBC News coverage on Sirius children of War more than one hundred forty thousand people have been killed so far
is the war began their 3 years ago this week at least ten thousand in heaven children with many thousand war wounded and there is no end in sight
we have a port now from both sides of series border with Bill million Damascus and chief medical editor Dr Nancy Snyderman in Lebanon on the groin medical crisis among refugees there begin to mask a building
60.wav
good evening underwater a startling moment for some children here in Damascus today it's not unusual but it shows why the casualty rate for children in this world
are among the highest ever recorded in the Middle East what was unusual today was to see serious later in public for the first time in months
President Assad men women and children of the promised them help but it's his troops to Griffin most Koreans from their homes this family now live in a box on a sidewalk 6 children who escaped
deadly see their father suffering a stroke 18 year old not there breadwinner their sister kidnapped at 14
is broken says her mother I wonder if she's cold or hungry I just want her back childlike here could be frugal living in a park in Philly
send War pray to disease
suits cares but she says then a black
Fullerton here we just want to have fun he says send another boys but its not over it's not far away
shells are raining on a c10
can the playground let's go a mansion
they don't know which way to turn
war is New Caney innocence here is being ripped from a generation
NBC News Damascus
im Dr Nancy Snyderman interne Lebanon
parallel to the Syrian border to check up on a woman we met yesterday check out of the hospital against medical advice just 3 hours after giving birth to new baby word has it that she's not feeling well so we're going to go to this refugee camp to check on her and her living conditions
the refugee camp refine 28-year-old Miriam just soom is isolated bitterly cold and the conditions deplorable it's the worst I've seen she shares a small town family now 5 children including the baby born born yesterday
does no insulation chest plastic people are living in between their homeland in a country that is housing them but still not citizens her husband after taxes in CA
Miriam flying on a sin dance mattress lying next to her is her newborn length
the sound that your hearing is raindrops
I guess I'll make a few minutes ago when the lights went out for the 38000 children were born in Lebanon federal halfway to start a new life
Miriam describe swimming pools exhausted and just lousy for husband medicine prescribed by one of the doctors
this is so muddy with no drainage and yet the person who owns this land is charged with people hear 400 dollars a year to be here that doesn't sound like a lot of money so when you have none is an astronomical price
there is no happy ending here just reminders everywhere that in this ongoing crisis children's lives are on the line
in the last 48 hours missing moments of joy like this newborn nursery outside a cold drenching pouring rain tonight
on going this result for so many of the Syrian refugee children ideas for the little girl with the polio like symptoms diagnosis will keep tabs on her updates summer stateside
besides series Border tonight in massaman reporting there a number organizations working at great interest to help Syria children does information about many of the sights on our website tonight at nbcnews.com
steelhead tonight rescue mission
CJ to be stolen car child trapped inside with a stranger and later
Blizzard on the moon tonight May contraction Scrabble for millions of people as yet another big storm hit hard
outside Denver a 4 year old boys back with the family tonight in a suspect is in custody following a dangerous police chase in bullit in the middle of the morning rush hour is it all played out on live television get more Nelson BC Miguel Almaguer
chase apparently somebody took are in Longmont
he's gone both left shoulder and right shoulder police gave the suspect through this guy is going like a rocket ship. For the safety of a 4 year old boy inside the stolen car the chase lasted over an hour to call his car jacked a silver band
the suspects told 3 vehicle
helicopter over head
Amanda's Lehigh Raiders speed veteran koaa news reporter John Morrissey is never seen anything like it
even thinking about stopping
it could have been is bad is your Magic Man EP Paslode school buses he was in traffic he was going wrong way on the interstate for like 15 mile
YouTube on the car more than half a dozen cars were doing over a hundred miles an hour easily state trooper Bellemont he was hit in seriously injure
the car chase ended with this collision
police have their man be a suspect is on his stomach this is over
tonight 28 yr old Ryan stone is in custody
4 year old boy clutching a teddy bear is safe back with his family
wild pursuit that played out on my TV do you Miguel Almaguer NBC News Los Angeles
and when we come back just 8 days till spring another
big hit in the womb winter for millions of people
there was a huge storm on the move tonight from the Midwest into the northeast blizzard like whiteout conditions making for treacherous
millions of people 40 say weather is to blame for the deadly 50 vehicle pile up involve in several tractor trailers on the Ohio Turnpike
two people were killed and rescue workers are still trying to reach people who made the trap
Weather Channel meteorologist Mike Seidel is in upstate New York night North Rochester what is you can see right in the thick of the storm I could eating pussy
500 mean to you have a snow whipping when conditions to the storm here in western New York State snow today in Chicago Detroit state didn't get the blues and women stuck in the middle of my chest Irwin Salt Lake Ontario
50 miles an hour with heavy snow
sunspots
and tonight in Morris Illinois the forecast if your a sphere shape over a foot of snow will fall
at least probably few complaints on to the small cold snowy winter in Boston
thank you so much my federal and get inside thank you so much
tired US Army colonel Olema is has died he was a recipient of the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Korean War the son of a sharecropper
Robert from Alabama have all of your for combat and receive a medal for defending his men and holding back the enemy during the day long attack on their outpost
despite his own worst 10 or more enemies soldier single handedly you later served 3 tours of duty as a green beret in Vietnam overly miles with 82 years old
what is that thing 74 Living recipes of the Medal of Honor
and when we come back one woman's online